I'm not talking about the long-term.
What kind of business do you have?
You're a private pilot named Takao Kumoi.
A pilot is a person who flies.
You shouldn't be a pilot.
If you want to fly, and a person like that comes,
and you two jump around, what will you do?
You'll be in trouble.
Just like your mother said, don't fly together.
You can't go on a honeymoon.
You two can't fly together.
I'm happy.
The sound of the engine is like a butterfly.
You can't do that.
You can't meet your husband.
Your mother will object.
Even if your mother objected,
it's not your husband.
It's my husband.
That's right.
It's a war.
There's no war.
You can't go on a honeymoon.
You can't.
You can't say that.
It's okay because only one daughter is asking.
You can't.
You can't ask this much?
Goodbye.
I'm sorry.
Oh, Haneko.
Wait.
Haneko.
She flew away crying.
It can't be helped.
Kumoi.
I'm so sorry.
I can't help it.
What should I do?
I'm so sorry.
Haneko, don't you feel bad?
You seem very excited.
Are you so upset?
What's so upsetting?
My mother is against our marriage.
She won't let us marry.
She's never thought of such a big plan.
If I can't marry you,
I can't enjoy anything more than this white earth.
What should I do?
And you want to marry me?
I'm so sorry.
What do you want to do with our marriage?
I don't care what kind of life I have.
I don't want to change my mind.
So please, don't change your mind.
I beg you.
She's always crying in the heart of her lover.
She's crying like a mother.
She's like an apple.
The fate of Haneko is so sad.
This is the end of our marriage.